Add missing headers create schedule & add upstash-callback-forward (#257)
upstash/docs: _snippets/qstash-common-request.mdx

example: "Upstash-Forward-My-Header: my-value" -> "My-Header: my-value"
</ParamField>

<ParamField header="Upstash-Callback-Forward-*" type="string" >

>  If you using the `Upstash-Callback` header to define a callback url,

Reviewer: If you *are* using the ....

>  you can specify the haeders sent along with the callback request using

Reviewer: the haeders -> headers

 the `Upstash-Callback-Forward-*` header.

To include a header in the callback request, prefix the header name with

> `Upstash-Callback-Forward-`. We will strip efix and them to the destination API.

Reviewer: `Upstash-Callback-Forward-`. We will strip prefix and them to the destination API.

> `Upstash-Callback-Forward-`. We will strip efix and them to the destination API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Upstash-Callback-Forward-`. We will strip this prefix and forward the header to the callback destination.
```

example: "Upstash-Callback-Forward-My-Header: my-value" -> "My-Header: my-value"
</ParamField>

<ParamField header="Upstash-Failure-Callback-Forward-*" type="string" >

>  If you using the `Upstash-Failure-Callback` header to define a callback url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If you are using the `Upstash-Failure-Callback` header to define a callback url
```

>  when the delivery fails, you can specify the haeders sent along with the failure

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 when the delivery fails, you can specify the headers sent along with the failure
```

 callback request using the `Upstash-Failure-Callback-Forward-*` header.

> To include a header in the callback request, prefix the header name with
> `Upstash-Failure-Callback-Forward-`. We will strip efix and them to the destination API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To include a header in the callback request, add `Upstash-Failure-Callback-Forward-` prefix to the header name. We will strip this prefix and forward the header to the callback destination.
```
